That's it for this course section.
I did briefly reintroduce you to containers,
though, as mentioned,
I do have a complete course about that
if you would wanna dive deeper into docker end containers.
In the end, containers are these packages of code
and the environment needed to execute that code
and it's a great feature
for creating reusable execution packages and environments
and for ensuring consistency.
For example, you could build your own image
and run your own containers based on that image
to use the exact same environment
for testing and production.
Now, when it comes to GitHub Actions,
you can use containers to run your jobs in containers
instead of directly on the runner.
That allows you to set up exactly the environment you want
and use it in as many jobs and workflows as you need to.
You can build your own container images
or use public images as you learned.
The only thing that matters is that these images are hosted
on some Docker registry,
some website that hosts those images
and then this can be a very useful feature provided
by GitHub Actions that's great for jobs
that need extra tools to be installed
or lots of customization.
Related to GitHub Actions, support for jobs in containers
is the feature of service containers, which you can also use
if your job is not running in a container.
The idea here is that you can spin up extra services
that can be used by your steps in your jobs,
like for example,
that totally isolated locally running testing database
which is only available whilst your Workflow is running.
So this service container feature can be great
for use cases like this
and you can also build those service containers
based on public images, community images
or also your own images
as long as they're hosted on some Docker registry.